Update probe_sample.rst (#2324)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/concepts/probe_sample.rst

        A record of data corresponding to the value at a specific *probe* at a specific time.

    handle

>         A handle for reaching sampling data is associated with a sampler, which is associated with a probeset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A handle for accessing sampling data is associated with a sampler, which in turn is associated with a probeset.
```
